last night I was pretty determined to
get a lot of just stuff done and get
some apartment things arranged that that
didn't happen it really didn't go as
planned today's vlog is skin it it's
gonna be a lot of a face and a lot of
talking so you want something more
exciting you can watch yesterday's vlog
but let's get into today how is everyone
doing I have some packages I'm not open
up so I'm friends with a lot of cool
creative people designers and stuff and
if there's ever like a chance that you
know I have to support a cool artist
friend person I want to because being an
artist of like any kind is super
difficult and just the people who are
super talented deserve just so so many
things this is ok so one of my friends
Becky Simpson um you might know her from
a episode of create a space TV from last
season she just came out with a new book
and she sent me it's the roommate book
and oh my gosh it's incredible it's
August you guys might be moving in with
new roommates going to college changing
apartment this would be a great
housewarming hey I'm excited to be a
roommate gift this next one is from one
of my friends Jetson if you guys watch
that 24 hour Brian athan video I did he
was the graphic designer that helped me
out so he does a lot of cool things he
makes like prints and stuff but he also
makes these like cool little simple
magazine let me read you the first
picture on my first i've left my first
full-time job and i found out both of
the safety nets that i had in place had
fallen through at the same time i had
planned a trip to a conference in New
York just a few days after going
freelance rather than spending money on
the conference ticket I went
to New York and spent time with as many
people as I could and ask them for their
best advice especially as I made the
jump to it this new season here is what
they told me wait i'm at i'm in this he
like visited for me oh it's me I had no
idea oh this is fun when in doubt keep
creating cat yeah that's like my
freaking like life motto every time
there was like a ton of pressure in my
life to not do something I just kept
creating and when I push through those
barriers is when I have found like the
biggest breakthrough so when life is
fighting yeah when life doesn't want you
to create when you're doubting yourself
as an artist as a lawyer as a mom as a
father as a anything just keep keep
chugging along my people oh this is so
cool judson yes yes yes yes I'm
literally just talk into the camera for
this log but I feel like we're getting
to know each other better right please
please don't comment on how boring this
video is that's the great thing about
vlogs I feel like is they give me
whatever you want like to me a vlog is
just posting something every single day
sometimes it's going about my day
sometimes it's telling you guys if you
don't if you're not about that pop
socket life you need to be about that
pop socket life it's a good a good like
hold to hear the sirens do you hear them
New York
are you guys done or by the way no one's
paying me to tell you any of these
things I just love these and love good
creative people so back to the whole
idea of like when in doubt keep creating
so I've been seeing a lot of these
tweets lately if you see it you see it
you're reading it so these tweets are
basically along the lines of man 2016 is
almost over and remember all these hopes
and dreams we had for the new year now
they're squashed and another years
around the corner and this idea of a new
year and waiting for that Fresh Start
has always kind of frustrated me because
what I have learned in life is there is
no perfect time to start anything with
you know when you were or you are in
high school and you think the world is
going to end because of the problems
you're having you're so busy yes high
school has its own unique problems and
it does seem like the end of the world a
lot of decisions and things that you
have to make in that time but a lot of
the mindset is okay life is going to get
easier in college you think okay life is
going to get less busy and what I've
learned is guy's life doesn't get less
busy life gets better but it doesn't get
less busy trust me trust me and so
there's no perfect time to start
anything when you're in the middle of
college and you have those four years
I'm to focus on whatever you're focusing
on and maybe there's something that you
want to do or explore or something and
you keep telling yourself okay I'll just
wait until I graduate I'll wait until my
junior I'll wait until my senior year
I'll wait until I'm married I'll wait
until I have a house I'll wait until I
have those 2.5 kids and dogs guys stop
stop just stop now is the time like
whatever you want to do whatever you've
been saying you want to do now is the
time do it do it do it do it was one of
the things that I'm super thankful that
I did in college was yes focused on my
studies and do my college thing but
while I was in the middle of all that I
I did a lot of things that I wanted to
do with traveling or taking that job
working a ton to make money to buy that
camera
right into my youtube channel seeking
out certain relationships going to that
one conference I know everyone is doing
with certain circumstances whether it's
kids whether it's maybe you're taking
care of a loved one everyone has a
different amount of time a different
amount of circumstances but guys you owe
it to yourself now to just do it to just
try it whatever you're wanting to do in
life right now sorry I'm feeling feeling
a little preachy right now but I'm just
like super passionate about that I've
been seeing so many of these tweets of
like oh this year sucked but let's do
better next year and I know they're
supposed to be funny and yeah they're
they're funny but but I just wanted to
get you pumped today and to remind you
there's no perfect time to start
anything so start it now okay that was a
lot I'm very talky oh okay so this one
more thing when i was at VidCon among
all the other things I was doing I was
helping out my friends shoot a
documentary a documentary called
internet kids and guess what guys the
trailer is out the trailer is out today
I'm also going to link that trailer down
in the description below y'all just have
so many things to click on today
something also cool about it is it's
official buffer festival selections so
we get to premiere this at buffer
festival go internet well this is the
fun talk a lot of exciting stuff coming
up I'm leaving for London and my two
days on my birthday so August eleventh I
am turning 22 and also going to London
for the summer in the city festival and
I'm going to be shooting some other fun
stuff there too hopefully obviously got
a lot of cool stuff coming up good
talking good hanging out until tomorrow
stay PG ok bye